Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
[indistinct radio chatter]
[unsettling score]
1034 affirmative.
[indistinct radio chatter]
My name is Jeremy Durham.
I was a passenger
on Vero Airlines Flight 298.
And if you're watching this.
then...
I don't really know what to say.
I haven't done one of these
before. so...
If you're watching this. know
that we fought right to the very end.
What I'm about to show you.
it's. it's happening right now.
You have to believe me.
It is real.
Some...
If this plane lands. then.
If what's on this plane
gets on the ground...
[plane engine humming]
Welcome to Seattle-Tacoma
International Airport.
Please remember. do not leave
baggage or personal items unattended.
Cutie. Aw!
Aw!
Mom. can we get
a puppy like this?
Uh. I'll think about it. Fair?
Okay.
Chloe. come back here. Come on.
Bye.
[looming score]
Aunt Nancy!
Look what Mommy got me.
♪ ... birthday to you...
♪ Oh. little bird
♪ Upon the tree
♪ What will
you sing today for me? ♪
[roars]
And then we'll all get ice cream sundaes
with lots of extra hot fudge on top.
Just the way you like it.
[sobbing]
Mommy?
[ominous score]
Final boarding call for
flight 310 to Chicago.
-Doing an update?
-All passengers...
The acoustics
are shitty in here.
-No. I'm just getting b-roll.
-Please have your
boarding passes
ready for inspection.
[intriguing score]
Once again. this is the
final boarding call for flight...
Yeah. what the hell
was their in-flight movie?
Requiem for a Dream?
All right. guys.
what are we doing today?
We're doing a 360 somersault.
head-first dive. right out of this plane.
-All right. you ready?
-Sick!
Three. two. one!
[whooping]
[whooping] Yeah!
[passengers clamoring]
-Sir. sit down. Remain in your seat. okay?
-Everybody. please be calm.
[gasps] [chaotic chatter]
Sir. I need you to sit down.
[yelling]
[over radio] [indistinct]
Mayday. mayday. mayday.
This is Vero 298.
Maintaining altitude but
experiencing massive systems failure.
[indistinct radio chatter]
[intense score]
Fuel is one-one-six.
Affirmative. We have a weather pattern
causing disturbance in the signal...
The system was...
Negative!
We've got what looks like a category
five hurricane forming in front of us.
The marshal's been activated and
there's another passenger in restraints.
DLC.
I can see it.
It's massive.
It's full of...
[radio static]
298. can you repeat?
Are you receiving?
[music fades]
You okay?
[announcement jingle]
Flight 180 to Paris is
delayed due to weather.
Paris? That sounds nice.
What do you think?
We could spend the
month parle français-ing.
Check out the Eiffel Tower.
Eat a bunch of croissants?
Lilly's parents got a divorce.
Are you and Dad
getting one. too?
[background chatter]
Buy us a snack.
[announcement jingle]
Flight 475 to New York is now
seating groups one and two.
Did you speak to Jackson?
What? No. screw Louis.
He's never gonna make it.
The service to New Orleans will be
delayed due to a mechanical issue.
Excuse me.
What do you mean delayed?
I have a very important
closing I cannot be late for.
-Super Douche in his natural habitat.
-Jamie I'll call you back.
What's he doing with his tongue?
You are such a lightweight.
How do you bounce
back so quickly?
Epic metabolism
and way too much partying.
[whoops]
Ladies. - Hey.
Enjoy the Emerald City?
A little too much.
[chuckles]
[tense. rhythmic score]
Well. I'll be
there as soon as I can.
What do you mean you can't
pull it off? -Okay. thank you.
- It's okay. it's
okay. it's okay. -Thank you.
-There we go. Here.
-Thanks.
Hey.
[indistinct chatter]
-It's on my headphones.
-I didn't take.
I'm sorry. Sorry.
Ah. shit.
Look. if it's
broken. I can pay for it.
It's all good. dude.
They're built to take abuse.
[indistinct chatter]
[tense. rhythmic score]
[groans]
Cross-check doors for departure.
It's been a while since I've
flown one of these older airframes.
I hate how much they creak.
[laughs] I hate
how much I creak.
Ladies and gentlemen.
we ask that you please give your undivided
attention to our Seattle-based flight...
please take a look at the safety card
in the seat back pocket in front of you.
Okay. Miss Gladiator.
we see you.
Wait. you know.
that really suits you.
Don't be sending me a GoFundMe
link when you guys get brain tumors.
If you think the government's
telling the truth about
the cosmic radiation
up there. then I can't help you.
Chen. you get started on chem trials
again? I swear to God. I'm switching seats.
I hope you do.
[announcement] Okay. folks.
it looks like we're good to go.
At this time. please put away
all your electronic devices.
Can you please
turn off the camera?
Yeah. if you give
me your friend's digits.
You're aware I can have
you thrown off this plane?
I'm sure you could.
but think about how
entertaining
it would be if you didn't.
Off!
Now.
Ouch.
[foreboding score]
[birds chirping]
[plane engine roaring]
We've reached our cruising
altitude -Ash. look at the sunset.
Of 33.000 feet.
so settle back and relax.
[soft. ethereal score]
[plane engine roaring]
Hey. can I get you anything?
Would you.
would you like a water?
[hushed chatter]
[coughing]
[coughing fit]
[ominous score]
[coughing continues]
[hushed chatter]
-Here.
-Got it.
[sighs]
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
What do you think you're doing?
I need to go to the bathroom.
Hey. Hey.
stewardess.
I. uh. I think
this girl is lost.
I need to go to the
bathroom. Why. can't I?
Oh. It's okay. honey. Go ahead.
Whoa! Do you know how much I
paid for the privilege of this seat?
I mean. just 'cause she's a kid.
it doesn't give her the right.
Can you hold it?
Just for a little?
Yeah. I guess so.
Okay.
[breathing heavily]
[ominous score]
I'm sure
they won't be much longer.
[breathing heavily]
Why don't you grab that
seat right there? Okay?
Okay.
[dramatic score]
Hey. Do you know what kind of
bagel pilots like most of all?
Excuse me?
Do you know what kind of
bagel pilots like most of all?
Um...
Plain.
What's that?
Uh. it's a graphic
novel. A comic book.
I just finished
the Amulet series.
Those are pretty cool.
Almost as cool
as Bone and Watchmen.
I had to read
those ones on my Kindle
since my librarian
wouldn't let me check them out.
I'm Chloe.
Um. I'm Jeremy.
Nice to meet you. Jeremy.
Nice to meet you. Chloe.
[muffled coughing]
[muffled coughing fit]
[coughing fit continues]
[groans]
Oh. man. You read my mind.
Oh. uh...
Yeah. uh...
I'll get another.
Just forget it.
[exasperated sigh]
Damn it!
So. uh. where are
your parents sitting?
You want to get rid of me?
Just say so.
No. I-I-I didn't mean...
[chuckles]
Wow! Wow. You're good.
[laughs] Thanks.
How about you?
What about me?
Where's your wife?
Are you guys fighting?
What makes you say that?
It's all my
parents do these days.
You should tell them not to.
Life's too short.
[knock on door]
Sir?
Hello?
[knock on door]
Sir? If you could just let
us know that you're okay?
Sir?
[knock on door]
[ominous score]
I'm so hot.
Is there
anything we can do to help?
Aspirin.
Ibuprofen okay?
Water.
Yep. Here you go. sir.
Uhm. sorry. one...
Bathroom's free. kiddo.
[coughing fit]
-Excuse me.
-Yeah?
Do you mind if I... if I move
here. please?
Oh...
Um... yeah. go ahead.
-Thank you.
-It's okay.
Oh. um. I like how you... you
handled that guy. by the way.
You know. the one who
wanted your friend's digits.
Oh. I was doing him a favor.
Rachel would eat him alive.
[thunder rumbles]
[tense. rhythmic score]
Excuse me. I'm looking
for my daughter. She's...
Ugh. There you are.
I was just
hanging out with Jeremy.
Don't worry. he's not a psycho.
[Jeremy chuckles]
Thanks for
keeping an eye on her.
My pleasure.
That was nice of
you to talk to her.
I have two sisters. so...
Oh. I have three.
Anyways. consider
in-flight drinks covered.
I... I actually don't drink.
but...
Okay. What about
some first-class goodies?
Oh. well. how can I turn
down first-class goodies?
Mmm. Come on.
Wow. Wow. You.
uh. weren't kidding.
Nope.
[she giggles]
Coffee?
Yeah. sure.
I'm Emma.
I'm Jeremy.
Headed home?
No. I... I live in Seattle.
Oh. So. are you here for
business or... or pleasure?
Neither. really.
-I was. um...
-[phone rings]
Oh. One moment.
Hello?
Yeah. can I get back to
you in one second. please?
Thanks for the...
Hit me again.
You're positive?
Yeah.
You gotta be cheating!
No. I'm just that good.
You're just that bad.
Give it back. Give it
back to me! It's my last foil!
-Could you take this out for me?
-Mhm.
Thank you.
You made me look
stupid in front of her.
[coughing fit]
[sighs]
[dramatic score]
[electricity crackling]
It's not safe!
[hushed. frantic chatter]
We're all gonna die up here!
We're all gonna die up here.
It's not safe.
[coughing. chatter]
Get this. we have YouTube gold!
What are you talking about?
Can you record him?
[coughing fit]
[frantic chatter]
[intense dramatic score]
[hushed. frantic chatter]
[door bangs open]
-We have to land!
-Sir!
We're all gonna die up here.
Hey. buddy. how about you go
back to your seat and take a pill?
[passengers clamoring]
Everybody stay...
-Get out of my way!
-Calm down.
We're all gonna die!
It's not safe!
[intense dramatic score]
Please sit down.
[panicked rabble]
Oh. no. no. no. no. no. This
bathroom is first-class only.
-Holy sh...
-Holy cow!
Oh. my God!
[door banging]
- Sir. you need to return to your
seat. -Get outta my way! [cough]
Back away from the cockpit.
It's not safe.
[intense dramatic score]
Hey. stop!
[coughing fit]
[coughing fit continues]
[spits blood]
[breathing heavily]
[coughing]
Call the flight deck!
-His chest. Is he breathing?
-Are you a doctor?
Uh. yeah. Well. almost.
One of the passengers
is incapacitated.
I'm not sure he's breathing.
This is the captain
speaking. All P...
Hold that over
his nose and mouth. Okay?
-Okay. Yes.
-Got it?
-Like this?
-Yeah. just like that. Ready?
Yeah.
-He's still not breathing.
-What do I do?
No no. just keep calm.
you're doing great -Okay. Okay.
[breathing shakily]
Oh. come on.
[ominous score]
What's. uh... what's going...
Whoa!
[breathing shakily]
So. you're. uh. an air marshal?
Uh. yeah.
Thanks for your help.
You did all you could.
[scoffs]
Yeah.
So. do we divert to
another airport. or...
We're more than
halfway to the destination.
ATC will tell
the captain to continue on.
But there's
a dead body back here.
He can't be
declared dead until we land.
Um. policy is to use the
sleeping compartment.
but this is an older airframe.
Well. where should we...
You gotta be kidding me.
How about
you go back to your seat
-and take a pill or something?
-This is so good.
We gotta edit this shit. man.
[snickering]
He said we weren't safe up here.
Whoa. Dude.
Try to get that in slow-mo.
Yeah. [camera beeps]
Whoa.
[ominous score]
[exhales]
Sorry. sir.
So. what do
you think killed him?
No way to know.
What if he was sick?
Like. sick with
something contagious? -Shh!
What? It's a valid question?
Listen!
[distant dogs barking]
[dog howling]
[distant dogs barking] [murmurs]
[dog snarling. howling]
[dog whining]
Shh. shh. shh. Stop it. please.
Hey!
Shut that goddamn thing up!
Why's a dog on a plane anyway?
What is that?
The dogs in the cargo hold.
[sighs] Is the climate
still functioning below?
Looks green.
Something's off.
Let's give it eyes.
All right.
[seat belts unbuckling]
[dog barking. howling]
You guys okay?
[dogs fall silent]
[object clatters]
[thick liquid splashes]
Hey.
I've never seen a de...
Yeah. me either.
No devices in bed.
Should we record the song so I
can hear it when you're not around?
I'm always around.
Did your father say something?
Okay. um... Ready?
♪ Oh. little
bird upon the tree ♪
♪ What will
you sing today for me? ♪
♪ Now spring...
[eerie ethereal score]
[intense dramatic score]
[quieter eerie score]
[sniffles]
[seat belt unbuckles]
Hey. uh. Emma. Do you. do you
mind if I...
Is everything okay?
Uh. no. I'm. uh...
Listen. I-I know this is
gonna sound crazy. but. um...
I don't know. I just. I saw
lights in the clouds. and they...
they were moving.
- It was probably just
the lightning. -No. no. no.
It was different. Okay?
Different how?
Have you got a headache?
Yeah. I guess.
Are you feeling
light-headed? Dizzy?
You should go back to your seat.
Try to sleep.
Yeah.
[hushed chatter]
Mommy?
I have a headache.
You're probably just dehydrated.
Why don't you try drinking some water?
My ears hurt.
Really bad.
You're really warm.
[call button chimes]
I'm sorry to bother you. but do you
happen to have any Tylenol or Advil?
Sure.
We just have a few questions for
you. Chloe. Just have a seat right here.
Let Mommy go first. okay?
Emma here tells me
you're not feeling well.
Were you feeling sick before
or after you got on the plane?
After.
And how about you. Jeremy?
Were you having
hallucinations before?
Wait. no. Hallucinations?
You said you saw lights.
Yeah. I. uh... They were moving.
Moving lights in the clouds?
Yeah. listen. I-I know
how it sounds. but I'm not...
He'd been through a lot.
I'm fine. I'm. I am fine. I am
just telling you what I saw.
I saw them. too.
Moving lights in the
clouds that weren't lightning.
Oh. honey.
Can you tell me about them?
They were pretty colors.
Which colors?
All of them.
They were flashing and bright.
Kind of like
fireworks. but close up.
Hurt my head a little.
Wait. Chloe. uh. do you
mind if I just. uh. just...
Can you get me a tissue. please?
Thank you.
It's okay.
Hey. no. no.
It's okay. Don't worry.
It's fine. It's absolutely fine.
I'm just gonna go and
throw this away. okay?
Uhm.
I think she must have ruptured
her eardrum with the air pressure.
You're bleeding. too.
[eerie ethereal score]
[breathing shakily]
Hey. look at me.
I got you. okay?
It's gonna be okay.
[announcement chime]
If any passengers have started
feeling sick since departure.
could you please press
the flight attendant button?
[call button chimes]
[call button chimes repeatedly]
[murmurs. soft coughs]
You can both go
back to your seat.
Can Jeremy come. too?
Would you mind?
No. No. of course not.
Okay.
[tense score]
Captain. we have multiple
passengers that are sick.
All right. Keep everyone
calm and in their seats.
We're diverting.
We're dealing with an outbreak.
Ladies and gentlemen.
this is the captain speaking.
Due to a medical emergency.
we will be diverting to Dallas
Fort Worth International Airport.
This is bullshit.
[call button spam] Okay.
Hey! Hey. I would like to speak
to the pilot right fucking now!
I don't think
you should do that.
Lady. I don't give a
flying fuck what you think.
[high-pitched whirring]
Oh. shit!
Ah!
Are you okay?
Did you not hear that? Oh!
We're getting
electrical interference.
Can you handle it?
Yeah.
Can everyone please
remove their headphones?
Listen. can we just
get the dog in the bag?
-Maybe it'll be more comfortable. huh?
-Give me back my bag!
-I just wanna shut the dog up!
-Sir. I need you to return to your seat.
Screw you. lady!
[groans] [bones cracking] Ow.
that hurts! That hurts! Let go!
When you're calm.
Are you calm?
Yes. I'm calm! I'm calm!
[groans] [winces]
I'm calm.
What is wrong with your eye?
Now sit.
[unsettling score]
[tense. rhythmic score]
[distorted radio chatter]
What the hell is that?
This is Flight 298.
Have you had notification
of military tests tonight?
Haven't heard of any.
Can you check?
Just getting off my shift.
We'd really like to know ASAP.
They usually give a heads-up.
Wouldn't worry about it.
Neither would I if I was
sitting where you are.
[scoffs] Funny.
I'll have
it checked out. all right?
Trish is coming on shift.
She'll get back to you.
I wanna go home! Ok. ok. Shh.
-I wanna go home! Please!
-It's ok.
Just stay calm. okay? Shh.
Just stay calm. I wanna go home!
-No! No!
-Shh. Just stay calm.
Please. please. please.
Jeremy?
-Oh. my God!
-Jeremy?
What is it?
They moved above us.
Jeremy. you have to calm down.
There's something up here.
Dude. shut
the fuck up and sit down.
You're scaring
everyone in the plane.
You can see them. right?
Come on. Someone
can see the lights.
No one knows what
you're talking about.
[hushed chatter]
You can see it.
right? The lights?
Come on. Sit down.
Please.
Come on.
Sit down.
[tense. rhythmic score]
I'm sorry. I'm
sorry. Chloe. I'm sorry.
I didn't mean to scare you.
[sinister score]
Flight 298.
This is Patricia from ATC.
Stand by while
I contact Air Force.
Copy. Standing by.
[ominous score]
Confirming. yes.
There are military tests
being performed
tonight in your flight path.
Great. Tell them we
appreciated the heads-up.
At least it's our military.
Help! Help! I've
just been attacked!
Help!
Sir. please. You can't do this.
Oh. finally.
I am an American citizen.
and my rights
are being infringed.
You're gonna
have to take your seat.
I wanna speak to
the pilot right now.
Why?
Oh. yeah. Go
ahead. Touch me again.
Get back to your seat.
and don't get up again.
I cannot wait for the lawsuit.
You know. your salary might suck.
but your boss has
really deep pockets. be...
Last warning!
[scoffs]
I will have you so fired.
[gasps]
I want your job.
Flight 298.
military called back.
Tests were canceled.
Can you repeat that?
No tests tonight.
They were scheduled.
but they needed turbulence.
Too smooth tonight.
[eerie ethereal score]
[switches clicking]
Where'd that storm go?
Got nothing on radar.
[rousing score]
[alarming score]
[passengers screaming]
[warning siren]
Flight 298. do you copy?
I repeat. you are veering
off course. Do you copy?
That system was behind us. like
it was following us. Now it's above.
[warning siren blaring]
[worried chatter]
We got what looks like a category
five hurricane forming in front of us.
[screaming]
[tense. rhythmic score]
We need to land immediately.
Keep everyone calm and in their
seats as we make our descent.
[screaming. crying]
We need to prepare for
an emergency descent.
Put seat backs and tray tables in
the locked position. and remain seated.
ATC. do you copy?
[high-pitched ringing]
[electrical buzzing]
Electrical is failing.
[alarm beeping]
Go. Check
the breakers below deck.
I'll be fine.
[dogs barking] [dogs whining]
[strange gurgling]
Captain. There's something
happening down here.
[dogs barking. whining. howling]
[strange gurgling]
[weird warbling]
Listen up. We're moving through the storm.
which means we'll be on the ground soon.
Some of us are sick.
We don't know what it is or how it
transmits. so we have to stay calm.
Hey!
Hey. Hey. lady.
Let me see your eyes.
Listen. we're not
infected up here. Yet.
I don't understand.
Flight 298 lost all contact.
They are not showing on screen.
What was the last contact?
They were veering off course.
They said something
about Category 5 storm.
Category 5? Have any other
planes complained about the weather?
No. Nothing at all.
I've diverted all nearby planes
away from 298's flight path.
I've asked the next
sector to look out for 298
appearing on their radar
or making radio contact.
[phone ringing]
We're descending
too fast. aren't we?
It feels... something's weird.
Pilots aren't responding.
-No one's flying the plane?!
-You stop that right now!
If you can't keep it together.
you think they will?
What if they're infected?
The autopilot handles everything
for most of the flight.
I just need to go
up there and check.
[sinister score]
Don't. don't come any closer.
You were with them. You're sick.
We're all sick.
We don't believe you.
Do we?
[sinister score]
Oh. shit!
Shit!
[intense score]
Captain!
I'm sure they're fine.
Just got off a call.
There are two other planes
missing on radar and radio contact.
Our parachutes.
Wait. You want to jump?
We're not safe up here.
[dramatic stinger]
[groans]
[screaming]
You see it. don't you?
[dramatic score]
[electrical warbling]
Look out!
Chloe!
[passengers screaming]
[quiet]
[groans]
[frantic chatter]
Are you okay?
I don't know. I-I think so.
We've landed.
Thank God.
It's gonna be okay now.
[murmurs and whimpers]
Where are the lights?
I don't know.
[indistinct chatter]
-Where are we?
-I can't see
-I can't see anything!
-What's going on?
-Do you know what's going on?
-You see those lights?
[electrical buzzing]
[low thrumming]
What is that?
Dad?
[murmurs]
Where are we?
I don't know.
[panicked chatter]
[high-pitched warped feedback]
It's okay. It's okay.
Where are we? Why isn't
the Captain giving us updates?
I don't know.
Yes. you do.
It's a quarantine zone.
A black site.
-What?
-What?!
[frantic chatter]
We've got something bad.
Something contagious. and
they don't want us to spread it.
COVID?
It's got to be
some new mutation. or...
It's not COVID. It's something
else they've cooked up.
So how's this gonna play out?
FAA sells some
story about a plane crash.
Maybe over a great lake to explain
why they can't recover any debris.
You have no idea what
you're talking about.
Right.
We're gonna be boarded.
[gasps]
They're gonna
take us off this plane.
alive or in body bags.
-so we have to work together.
-Rachel.
-it's fine by them!
-bind her hands! And her mouth.
You see?!
If she won't stop using it.
-Always comes down to force.
-Last warning!
[gasps]
Disobeying my
orders is a felony.
I am a federal air marshal.
Yeah. which means
you work for us.
A-and we're telling you to put the
fucking taser down and tell us the truth.
The truth is.
I have no idea where we are.
I have no idea what's happening.
[high-pitched ringing]
[flesh ripping]
Everybody stay in your seats.
Stay in your seats. please!
Oh. my God.
His blood could be infected.
Excuse me.
What is that?
It's a pacemaker.
[electrical whirring]
He's not sick.
-None of us are.
-What are you talking about?
Well. his pacemaker.
the headphones.
Something's messing
with them. some kind of.
some kind of frequency that's
disrupting the electrical impulses.
Look. if it's
strong enough to do this.
then it's strong enough
to give us headaches. to
rupture the blood vessels in our
eyes. our mucous membranes.
Could it be strong enough to mess with
the flight controls? The communication?
A storm can't do that. right?
These things are built to withstand.
Solar storms can destroy satellites.
take down the whole goddamn Internet.
- This isn't a solar storm. -Ok.
Neil deGrasse. how'd you know?
'Cause it's night.
You did go to middle
school. right? -Ladies. enough.
So. in your medical opinion.
what we're all
experiencing could be?
The physiological effects of.
uh...
Something.
So. we're not?
Not infected.
I don't think so.
I mean. we may not be sick.
but they don't know that. so.
Well. maybe we can tell them.
Do you have
a pad of paper and tape?
In the front. maybe.
I'm gonna need you to help me
pass these out to everyone.
Yeah.
Get them to hold them
up to the windows. okay?
I'm sorry.
For what?
For not believing you.
Press that against the window.
Hold this against the
window. There you go.
Press against the window.
Hold this against the window.
[unsettling score]
Do you think they'll see it?
[heavy thudding]
[plane clanging]
[plane roof creaking]
[footsteps]
Is that normal?
[heavy footsteps on ceiling]
[plane clanging] [gasps]
Someone's walking on the plane.
[heavy thud] [plane clanging]
[ominous score]
[heavy thud]
[howling] [screams]
[otherworldly thrumming]
[dramatic score]
What's going on?
Something's trying to get in.
I can't hold it much longer.
What the fuck was that?
[hissing]
[sinister score]
[grunts] I got some
rope. I got some rope.
Rope. rope. I need the rope.
-Chen. it's in my backpack.
-Here!
Brad. hurry up!
[ominous score]
Let me help you with that.
Hey! Hey! What are you...
[cabin door opens]
-What are you doing?
-Taylor?
-Hold on a second. What?
I told him not to open it.
Fuck!
-Come on! Come on!
-Oh my God!
[panting] GO! GO! GO!
Smoke! There's smoke!
The mask. Get
the manual release.
The manual release. Put your
mask on. please. Put your mask on!
Masks on!
Get your mask on! Now!
[clamoring]
[panicked screaming]
No. no. no. no.
no. Put yours on first.
Chloe?
-Chloe. just look at me.
-Mommy!
Look at me.
You're okay. She's okay.
No! No! Mom!
Everyone. to
the back of the plane.
Manual release. Okay. breathe.
Let's go. Let's go.
[intense dramatic score]
[otherworldly warbling]
[vocal resonance]
[wet squelching]
[otherworldly warbling]
[clamoring. screaming]
[tentacles stabbing and slicing]
Get down!
Emma!
[stabbing. gurgling]
[screaming]
Come on. Hurry up! Hurry up!
I'm trying!
We need time.
Open the bathroom doors!
It's open. It's open.
-Jeremy!
-Oh God!
I'll be right behind
you. okay? Just go. Go.
It's okay.
[loud wet thud]
Hot water!
[creature warbling]
Let's go!
It's [indistinct]. What?
The gas.
[coughing]
Hold on. It's almost over.
You can close it now.
The vent sends everything
outside. It should be okay to breathe.
-No. no. The gas it just...
-Is mommy dead?
It just makes people
fall asleep is all. Okay?
But that thing...
[otherworldly warbling]
You got another mag?
Did you see what it did?
With the hot water?
It grabbed my taser.
It's smart.
Well? What the hell are we
supposed to do? You're the air marshal!
How the fuck am
I supposed to know?
Shh!
[keypad beeps]
Can you hear that?
[door unlocks]
[creature warbles]
Can someone help!
Help!
Okay. I'm coming. I'm coming.
Help.
[vocal resonance echoing]
[screeching] Just hold on now. hold on!
-C'mon!
-I got it. I got it. Okay.
What the fuck?
[high pitched chirping]
What is that?
Shh. shh. shh. shh.
[creatures crawling]
Something's in here.
-Oh. my god!
-Oh. god.
Fuck! [whimpering]
[creature crawling. chittering]
[breathing shakily]
Hey. I wouldn't get too close.
[shrieks. stabs]
[wailing] [gagging]
[croaking inside]
No. no. no. Stay back.
[sinister score]
Is she dead?
I don't think so.
[groans] [sobbing]
Oh. god.
I can hear them in my head.
Over there!
-Where?
-Oh. my God.
Over there!
Guys. the belt!
Guys! Guys!
[shrieks]
Okay. you're first. Go. go. go!
[intense dramatic score]
Come on! Leave it!
[guttural growling]
Go without me!
[creature whirring]
The container!
[shrieks] [thuds]
They won't move!
The latches!
Go. go. go!
[intense score]
[vocal resonance] [vibrating]
[vocal resonance
getting farther]
[growling]
I don't think
they're dogs anymore.
They're taking us over. They
get inside us. and then they...
Is there another way in?
There's a ceiling hatch. but you
can only access it from the inside.
So we're safe down here?
No. we're not
safe. We're trapped.
Not if we're on the ground.
Okay? Okay?
[cargo door whirring]
Oh. my god!
We never landed.
We're not even
moving. We're floating.
Okay. uh. maybe there's
something we can use.
Use for what?
For when they come.
That's something.
It's not enough.
Hey. hey. wait. wait. Didn't
those guys say something about...
Parachutes.
-There's just clothes in here.
-Oh. shit!
No. stop! Stop! Stop!
I said leave her alone!
Jeremy!
I'm sorry. I'm sorry.
[tomahawk drops]
Hey.
Jesus. it's a coffin.
We were camping.
She just...
she just fell.
Her femoral artery tore.
and. uh.
by the time I got back. she...
If I'd known...
I never would
have tried to get help.
And she died all alone.
She asked me to
stay. and I didn't.
If you had. then she
wouldn't have had a chance.
I think we found the parachutes.
You can carry Chloe.
No.
Jeremy. no.
There's not enough.
It's not fair.
- We can draw straws.
make it fair. -No. no. no.
It's okay.
Why are you just giving up?
I'm not giving up. Chloe.
I'll find a way.
Promise.
Okay?
I'm no expert.
but sometimes.
these things open up by
themselves at a certain altitude.
-What if they don't?
-Pull these cords right here.
What if we don't make it?
Your phones.
You should unlock them.
Why?
Evidence.
I've got some. too.
We triggered the SOS feature.
They should land together
so that whoever finds them
will know it's
something important.
When your mom wakes up.
she'll be worried.
So why don't you. um...
Leave her a message?
So that she'll know that I'm...
On the ground.
Safe.
[poignant score]
Hey. Mom. It's me.
[clears throat]
[phone dings]
My name is Jeremy Durham.
I was a passenger on
Vero Airlines Flight 298...
♪ Oh little bird upon the tree
♪ On the tree
Mommy?
♪ What will
you sing today for me? ♪
Where are you?
I'm up here. honey.
I thought you were asleep.
[voice distorted] I don't
want to sleep. hon. [indistinct]
And I want to give
you a great big hug.
Don't you want to
hug. little darling?
[somber score]
Yes.
I do.
Then you need to hurry.
Hurry and open this door
so we can be together again.
You sound different.
I'm sharing myself is all.
[distorted]
That's all they want.
to share and help us.
Help? How?
Well. for one thing. by
helping us fix our mistakes.
We can all be together again.
One big happy family.
Isn't that what you want?
[unsettling score]
Chloe?
Chloe. no!
[intense dramatic score]
No!
Don't!
-Yas!
-No. no!
Go. Go now!
What? Okay.
Take the box and jump!
Jump! [screaming]
[banging]
[screaming]
[muffled whooshing air]
[eerie ethereal score]
[alien warbling]
[chittering]
[otherworldly chirping]
[high-pitched ringing]
[tense score]
[engine powering up]
[wind whistling]
Jeremy.
Hi. baby.
No. No. no. no. no. no. no.
Don't go up there. Jer.
Stay with me.
Aren't you happy to see me?
No. you're not her.
Who else could I be. Jer?
You're not real.
You promised me forever.
And now we can have that.
Just one more chance.
[squeaking]
You get the fuck back.
Whatever the fuck you are!
[unsettling score]
Why delay the inevitable?
We can't be stopped.
There are so many more of us.
Arriving every minute...
without ever raising suspicion.
Your kind won't know we came.
[otherworldly warbling]
Until we're ready.
There will be no going back.
We will have taken your world...
one body at a time.
[otherworldly warbling]
This is Flight 298.
We've had transponder
problems. Can you hear me?
Yes. Yes.
You're back
on my radar and radio.
Very good.
The health
concerns have cleared.
Repeat. no contagious issues.
Just a lot of
turbulence causing problems.
Request an immediate landing.
We have some mechanical issues.
Understood.
You're cleared
for emergency landing.
[cargo door opens]
Ladies and gentlemen. we're
starting our descent into New Orleans.
At this time. please turn
off all electronic devices
and return your seats
to their upright position.
[otherworldly warbling]
Sir? Oh. my God.
Emma. Emma.
We have to stop them.
-Don't touch me!
-We have to stop them.
Put the weapon down.
Stay back!
You stay the fuck back!
Whatever the fuck you are.
Hey! You can't be in here.
[triumphant score]
Just received code 7500.
Hijacking?!
[poignant score]
[screaming]
Piece of shit is
gonna crash the plane.
Go up. Go up. Go up.
[altitude alarm blaring]
[screaming]
[poignant score]
No! Go down!
Auto-land's come on.
How?
The pilot must
have pre-programmed it.
What the fuck?
Auto landing system.
No. no. no. no.
you piece of shit!
No. please!
No. no. no. This is
what they wanted. Shit!
[eerie ethereal score]
[helicopter approaching]
[indistinct voices on radio]
[keypad beeping] [keypad chimes]
[hushed chatter]
[door beeps]
-Drop the weapon! Get down now!
-Wait. wait. wait!
I can explain.
It's not me!
Okay. It's not me. It's them.
It's them. I swear it.
[rousing score]
Why delay the inevitable?
We can't be stopped.
Your kind won't know we came...
until we're ready.
There will be no going back.
We will have taken your world...
one body at a time.
They're not human! They're
not. they're not human.
They're not us.
They're not us!
[otherworldly warbling]
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm